Great minds look at the bigger picture, no matter where they work.
  Guido van Rossum works at Google but he could also be working anywhere else. He builds flexible tools which implement the companies specification as a side-effect.
  So many great engineers work at Facebook but they are not creating a PHP bulletin board. They are creating new forms of communication
Compare movies and their successors (via IMDB rating)
My new desktop (a language interface)
Browsers: What I learned from "View source".
python vs. ruby functional programming
semi work mode (procastination, distraction)
Facebook: the next Google or MySpace? It depends on what you do with the data.
You decide what you build in your life; a prison or a castle.
be your own mentor (table tennis)
i hate the state (object oriented programming sucks)
Switching from functional programming to OO - a users experience
Vim Supercharged (from vi to vim to MacVim and beyond)
  http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1230
what we can learn from wikia
meta-programming (the language and the idea behind)
No MSDNAA
overengineering (taskpool, abstraction layer)
movies about computers (pirates of silicon valley)
Goodbye Firefox. Hello Google Chrome!
xml vs. json
hackers guide to mandarin
three years of mac osx. The good the bad the ugly
  Good:
    The Little things (shows how many emails, prints…)
  Bad:
    tabs in finder --> totalfinder
    The little things (program stays in navigation bar after exit)
      Dockbar is a joke
      maximize windows
      adapters
faye vs juggernaut vs pusher vs pubnub
i'm getting old: terminal interfaces and heroku
pickuplines
We need a new App Store
  no credit card information
  sandbox? pah!
    http://lacquer.fi/pauli/blog/2011/11/why-the-mac-app-sandbox-makes-me-sad/
  no fees
  free and commercial
  free to use
  fair comparison of software
  platform independent html
  supports all plattforms
  decentralized
Programming language criticism
  Java
  Javascript
  PHP
  C++
The obsolete myth
  For programmers, everything we know is pretty much guaranteed to be obsolete in 10 years if we're lucky, and 5 years if we aren't
  Fortunately this statement is plain out wrong. OK, Java-libraries get
deprecated and we are using auto-pointers in C++ now but most of the
things you learn will be true your entire life.
  Also, computing history: Why do we speak of "core memory"? Where do carriage return and linefeed come from? Unix and the PDP-1, lisp machines
  Basic knowledge is always precious: algorithms, low level programming, basically computer science.
  Computer science is maturing. Some basic algorithms like A-Star or Bubblesort will still be taught in a thousand years.
  It's a bit like euler distance or pythagoras: Little gems and neat tricks we can leverage our entire life.
RescueTime API Tutorial
  Install cjson (http://pypi.python.org/pypi/python-cjson)
The Rise of functional programming
  Hardware support due to multiple cores.
The new Apple is not for me
  I get the idea: It's not called dumbed down, it's *user-friendly*
  But it feels like we get locked in a plattform. (Objective-C on iPhones)
  Do you really want to open downloaded file?
  Apple doesn't adhere to its own standards (maximize button in iTunes, Appstore design)
  Maybe I'm getting old
  Apple, the computer company
  Apple, the phone company
  Dumbed down Apps instead of Applications
  Safari, Launcher, MissionControl, Quicktime, Fullscreen view, Finder,
  Dockbar
  Locked down system
    iTunes -> sell music
    So maybe you just need a terminal and a compiler?
      Coding is 4 GB away
        Cocoa is great, but...
        XCode in AppStore
        Appstore sandbox
        Credit card for gcc
What happens when you type "PRINT Hello World"
Given an infite amount of time, what could you possibly accomplish?
Essay
  Meandering, for me, is the true essence of an essay.
  A well-written essay takes you on a journey. A journey through your
  thoughts and lets you think about some abstract topic - Maybe even get a
  peak into the future.
TeX/LaTeX
  Great system
    Hands down the best typesetting software
  Obscure programming language
  Could be easier to create macros for
  Quite wordy
  Just like Coffeescript, we should generate a langauge which "compiles"
    into LaTeX
The problem with open source software
  Fixing bugs is not fun: http://www.jwz.org/doc/cadt.html
  Cups printer manager now at apple
  half baked drivers
Spikes
What I learned from writing my own CMS.
  It's not your code it's the ecosystem that counts
    Missing plugins
      support
      i18n
  Feature creep is a pain
Why I skipped Lion and why I'm afraid to update to Mountain Lion
Skewomoprhism is not the right way
  What is the native computer interface!?
Youtube - The social network that doesn't exist
  Social network for video discussions
  Reddit interface
    Threaded comments
    Karma points
It's 2013: Why do I still carry around my keys, wallet and smartphone, when
  one device should be enough?
Old icons
  Diskette
  Siri Mikrophon
  Zahnräder/Schraubenschlüssel
  Bookmark -> Lesezeichen, Anker, Kette
  Pinsel
  Brief
  Sanduhr
  Play icon
  On/Off switch
  Datenbank icon
  Telefon mit Wählscheibe
  ID Card
  Taschenrechner
  Lock -> Schloss
  Lupe
  Kompass -> Safari
  Bald alt:
    ID Card
    Wecker
    Einkaufswagen
    Büroklammer
    Calendar
    Buch
    Fotoapparat / Kamera
    Batterie
  Neu:
    Upload to cloud
    List icon
    Map icon
    Pfeil aus Rechteck
    Star/Heart/Like -> soziale medien
    Pfeil für Position
  Herkunft
    Eject icon
On Wikipedia
  Github interface  / Git Version control system
    Foster contribution
    Add transparency (who contributed what? Reliable source?)
    Different people have different opinions
      Fork articles -> no knowledge gets discarded
    Built in
      Article history
      Simpler markup language
  Thousands of vcs tools readily available
  Distributed
    Wikipedia.org is just a view
    Reduces hosting costs
Disassemble own code
  http://www.mikeash.com/pyblog/friday-qa-2011-12-02-object-file-inspection-tools.html
The Setup "Dream Setup"
  I'm a bit disappointed by the lack of imagination when it comes to dream setups.
Clocks
  On every device
  Go wrong
  Bad design
  Why have they been added?
    It just was so easy
